---
title: Promotions
layout:  null
altfooter: true
tab: true
order: 2
tags: project-committee
---

## Promotions

The Project Committee is responsible for the **Project Promotion
Process** which allows projects to progress through the maturity
lifecycle defined in the
[Project Leader Handbook](https://owasp.org/www-pdf-archive/PROJECT_LEADER-HANDBOOK_2014.pdf).

<img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_incubator.svg'
width='40px' alt='Incubator'> <img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_labs.svg'
width='40px' alt='Lab'> <img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_flagship.svg'
width='40px' alt='Flagship'>

### Requesting Promotion

As a project leader you can request a promotion to the next level via
<https://forms.gle/Gh2Ry3vUjahu73S3A>.

**Please expect a review time of 4-8 weeks!** If this timespan is
significantly exceeded, please feel free to ask for an update via the
Project Committee email or Slack channel!

### Promotion Process

<img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_incubator.svg'
width='25px' alt='Incubator'> <img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_labs.svg'
width='40px' alt='Lab'> <img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_flagship.svg'
width='25px' alt='Flagship'>

Promotions **from Incubator to Lab** level are reviewed by at least one
Project Committee member and one volunteer project leader or second
Project Committee member. The final decision is with the Project
Committee.

<img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_incubator.svg'
width='25px' alt='Incubator'> <img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_labs.svg'
width='25px' alt='Lab'> <img
src='https://owasp.org/assets/images/common/owasp_level_flagship.svg'
width='40px' alt='Flagship'>

Please note that promotions **to Flagship** level are not a maturity
progression from Lab but _reserved for projects of strategic importance
to OWASP_ and its mission. Requests to promotion from Lab to flagship
will be evaluated by the Project Committee and a recommendation brought
to the OWASP Global Board. The final decision is with the Board.

